[Cache] Removes pages rules from cache docs (#14777)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/how-to/configure-cache-status-code.md

Reviewer: I believe we shouldn't be pointing to migration guide while describing basic how-to scenarios if they have nothing to do with Page Rules migration itself. If we don't have a good documentation on how to set Cache Everything via Cache Rules outside of the migration guide, we should consider creating it.

Enterprise customers can set cache time-to-live (TTL) based on the response status from the origin web server. Cache TTL refers to the duration of a resource in the Cloudflare network before being marked as stale or discarded from cache. Status codes are returned by a resource’s origin.

> Setting cache TTL based on response status overrides the [default cache behavior (standard caching)](/cache/concepts/default-cache-behavior/) for static files and overrides cache instructions sent by the origin web server. To cache non-static assets, set a [Cache Level of Cache Everything using a Cache Rule](/rules/reference/page-rules-migration/#migrate-cache-level). Setting `no-store` **Cache-Control** or a low TTL (using `max-age`/`s-maxage`) increases requests to origin web servers and decreases performance.

Author: ```suggestion
Setting cache TTL based on response status overrides the [default cache behavior (standard caching)](/cache/concepts/default-cache-behavior/) for static files and overrides cache instructions sent by the origin web server. To cache non-static assets, set a [Cache Level of Cache Everything using a Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/create-api/#example-requests). Setting `no-store` **Cache-Control** or a low TTL (using `max-age`/`s-maxage`) increases requests to origin web servers and decreases performance.
```

## Set cache TTL by response status via the Cloudflare dashboard

> To set cache TTL by response status, [create a Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/) for **[Cache TTL by status code](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/settings/#edge-ttl)**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set cache TTL by response status, [create a Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/) for [**Cache TTL by status code**](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/settings/#edge-ttl).
```
Let's keep the bold in the link text.

## Set cache TTL by response status via the Cloudflare API

```json
---
header: API configuration example
---

> "action_parameters": {

Reviewer 2: I would add a full curl example here to replace the old Page Rules example. 
Namely, we're missing the rule expression, which is relevant to achieve the same results: `(http.host eq "www.example.com")`

    "cache": true,
    "edge_ttl": {
        "status_code_ttl": [
            {
                "status_code_range": {
                    "to": 299
                },
                "value": 86400
            },
            {
                "status_code_range": {
                    "from": 300,
                    "to": 499
                },
                "value": 0  // no-cache
            },
            {
                "status_code_range": {
                    "from": 500
                },
                "value": -1  // no-store
            }
        ],
        "mode": "respect_origin"
    }
}
```

### Syntax

Provide a JSON object containing status codes and their corresponding TTLs. Each key-value pair in the cache TTL by status cache rule has the following syntax:

*   `status_code`: A string such as 200 or 500. `status_code` matches the exact status code from the origin web server. Valid status codes are between 100-999.

> *   `status_code_range`: A "from-to" string, such as 200-299 or 400-599. `status_code_range` matches any status code from the origin web server within the specified range.

Reviewer 2: This is different now. At least for `status_code_range`, we must provide integer values for `from` and `to` (there are no quotes around the values). Not sure about `status_code`, but it's probably the same.

> *   `value`: An integer that defines the duration an asset is valid in seconds or one of the following strings: `no-store`, `no-cache`. Only positive integers, including 0, are accepted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   `value`: An integer that defines the duration an asset is valid in seconds or one of the following strings: `no-store` (equivalent to `-1`), `no-cache` (equivalent to `0`).
```
Removed the last part because we also accept `-1`, according to the example JSON above.
